[ Exhaling ]
[ Dishes Clattering ]
[ Chattering In Farsi ]
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Guard Speaking Farsi ]
[ Exhales ]
[ Farsi ]
[ Man Calls Out
In Farsi ]
[ Man Speaking Farsi ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
[ Exclaiming ]
[ Guards Shouting ]
Drive. Drive.
Just go!
Drive! Drive!
[ Shouting ]
[ Adal ]
Saul?
What?
It’s Carrie.
- Where are you?
- Headed to Mellat Park.
Goddamn it, Carrie.
You should be on a plane
on your way to Geneva.
He went through with it, Saul.
He killed Akbari. Brody did.
What are you
talking about?
He completed the mission
after all.
- How do you know this?
- Because I just
spoke to him.
He called me
from Akbari’s office.
- And you believed him?
- What do you mean?
You heard me.
Yes, I believed him.
’Cause if I were Akbari
and I’d just learned...
about a C.I.A. operation
in my backyard,
I’d want to drop a net
over it immediately.
That’s not what’s
happening here.
You don’t know that.
Where’s Brody now?
On his way here.
Don’t dismiss the possibility
that he’s leading
security forces...
to your location
right now.
Is there even one person
on the planet
you trust, Saul?
[ Sighs ]
You are aware what happens
if you’re caught?
I’m aware.
We will be forced to deny
all knowledge of you.
There will be no
negotiating your release.
So be it.
For Christ’s sake,
Carrie.
Even if you’re right
about Brody,
he’ll never make it
out of Tehran.
We might if we go now.
We might if you authorize
the extraction plan.
You know I have
to get confirmation
of Akbari’s death first.
Then confirm it already.
Get Javadi on the line.
Get out. Get out.
Out, out. Get out.
Out. Go, go.
Walk, walk.
Go. Turn around.
Okay.
Give me your phone.
Phone.
Phone! Give me your phone.
Come on.
[ People Chattering ]
[ Knocking ]
Move over. I’m driving.
Jesus. You scared
the shit out of me.
I had to make sure
you weren’t being followed.
Where are we going?
To switch cars.
Mine’s on the other side
of the park.
Then out of the city,
heading east.
East?
To a safe house
in Garmsar.
And after that?
[ Engine Starts ]
Then after that,
it’s up to Saul.
Get down.
It’s not a trick.
- You’re a hundred-percent sure?
- [ On Speaker ] 100%.
Akbari’s dead.
I’ll be damned.
Where is he?
Brody?
I don’t know.
Come on, Saul.
You’re working on a plan
to get him out of the country
as we speak.
That plan was scrapped
six days ago.
Good.
Because I was just
put in charge
of the manhunt.
Which means I need him
arrested...
and in front of a magistrate
by tomorrow morning.
I told you
I don’t know
where he is.
I don’t think you appreciate
the situation here.
The longer he eludes us,
the weaker I look...
and the less chance
I have of being chosen
to replace Akbari.
He’s with Carrie, isn’t he?
That’s why you’re acting
so damn cagey.
Listen to me.
You and I have to consider
the worst-case scenario here.
Which is what?
That he and Carrie
are captured together.
Once that happens,
I lose the ability
to control events on the ground.
Tell me where he is,
and at least I can
protect your girl.
I’ll get back to you.
Well?
The man’s persuasive.
What can I say?
So you’d give them up?
I would.
Even after what Brody
managed to do today?
I guess I’d weigh that
against the likelihood...
of him and Carrie making it
to the safe house at all.
Saul, it’s your last full day
as director.
You might want to take
your foot off the gas.
No.
Initiate
the extraction plan.
I was born in the desert.
You were?
In the Mojave.
It’s where my old man
was stationed–
at the Air Ground
Combat Center there.
I can’t believe
I didn’t know that.
At least he’s not
around anymore.
All this would’ve
broke his heart.
[ Carrie ]
Car.
[ Car Passing ]
Okay.
How much further?
About 50 miles or so.
I need a bathroom.
Over there.
[ Sighs ]
[ Female Reporter ]
We have breaking news
right now out of Iran,
where IRIB TV is reporting
the assassination...
of General Danesh Akbari,
the ranking officer in Iran’s
Revolutionary Guard...
and leader
of the Quds Force.
- Scott.
- Details are
still unconfirmed–
What’s it gonna be–
Afghanistan or Turkey?
DEVGRU’s pulling together
an extraction team...
from a squadron based
in Herat, Afghanistan.
Show me.
I got 16 men, four helos–
two Black Hawks
and two Chinooks.
Black Hawks enter
Iranian airspace here.
Initial flight plan
has them diverting north
at Torbat-e Heydarieh,
skirting
the Great Salt Desert,
making their way directly
down this ridgeline
to Carrie’s coordinates.
Total flying time
from the base?
Approximately 210 minutes.
And the Chinooks?
I assume they’re staying
on the Afghan side
to provide support.
In case the Black Hawks
get into trouble...
and/or the SEALs have to fight
their way out of Iran.
I don’t like
the sound of that.
Neither does JSOC.
I mean, the operation–
it’s basically unrehearsed.
Iran’s border installations
likely include...
the latest Chinese
anti-stealth radar technology.
I’ll let the director
know your concerns.
Would that still be
Mr. Berenson?
Or is that now
Mr. Lockhart?
That would still
be Mr. Berenson
for another...
11 hours and 10 minutes.
Thanks.
It got cold fast.
It did.
We could be here
a couple days at least.
There are worse places.
You want to tell me
what’s going on with you?
I just took a man’s life
today, Carrie.
He was a bad guy, Brody.
Yeah, I get that.
Worse than bad.
He sent kids, chained together–
tens of thousands of them–
into the Iraqi lines,
often to clear minefields.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
You and Brody
at the safe house?
We are.
You were right
about him.
He did what he said.
Tell him "Well done."
I will.
I’m gonna do what I said–
get him out safely.
I’m scrambling
a recovery team now.
Thank you, Saul.
If all goes well, they should be
at your location before sunrise.
Well, we’ll be waiting.
[ Laughs ]
I myself am leaving
for Germany
in the morning.
- See you at Ramstein.
- See you there.
[ Beeps ]
[ Exhales ]
You asleep?
No.
That was Saul.
They’re getting us out
tonight.
That was fast.
He wanted me to tell you
"Well done."
[ Scoffs ]
Whatever that means.
It means a lot
coming from him.
So what happens next?
What do you mean?
When we get home.
What happens next?
I don’t know.
What do you want
to happen?
Honestly,
I never expected
to get this far.
So I try not
to think about it.
I’ve thought about it.
There was this man
in Caracas.
He was a doctor.
He called me
a cockroach–
unkillable,
bringing misery
wherever I go.
That’s harsh.
But accurate.
This was about
redemption– mine.
You said so yourself.
What a fucking joke.
It was about redemption.
In what universe
can you redeem one murder
by committing another?
You’re a marine, Brody.
The rules are different.
I’m a lot of things,
but I’m not a marine
anymore.
I haven’t been
for some time.
You were asked to do a mission
on behalf of your country,
and you did it.
Is that what
you tell yourself?
That’s what I believe.
Wind us up and point us
in a direction?
If that’s what you think,
why’d you agree to do it
in the first place?
That is becoming
less and less
fucking clear.
[ Sighs ]
I’m pregnant.
What?
I’m four months’ pregnant,
from our time at the lake.
Carrie, Jesus.
As if things couldn’t get
more complicated, right?
You should have
said something.
I’m saying it now.
- Hey. Hey.
- Don’t. Look.
I don’t know what happens
back home either–
what kind of a life we have
or don’t have,
whether it’s together
or apart.
But there will be a life.
And I’m not sorry about that,
not for one single second.
Because I happen to believe
one of the reasons
I was put on this earth...
was for our paths to cross.
And, yeah, I know
how crazy that sounds.
- Are you through yet?
- No.
[ Sighs ]
Yes.
’Cause I don’t think
that sounds crazy at all.
I think it sounds like
the only sane fucking thing
left to hold on to.
Well, okay then.
[ Helicopters In Distance ]
Hey. Wake up.
They’re here.
Come on. Hurry.
[ Helicopters Approaching ]
Hello?
- Brody, run!
- [ Man ] Get down now!
[ Man ]
Lie flat.
Hands behind your head.
[ Helicopter Whirring ]
[ Soldier Muttering ]
Brody! Brody!
[ Man ]
Be quiet.
- [ Weapon Cocks ]
- Listen to me.
- I know Colonel Javadi.
Majid Javadi.
- I said be quiet.
Would you just call him
before you do anything else?
- There’s no need
to call anybody.
- But there is. Please–
The colonel
is aware.
What?
[ Engines Start ]
[ Vehicles Departing ]
[ Beeps ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Ringing ]
Hello.
Tell me what just happened
was part of the fucking plan.
Hold on a minute.
Can I have the room
for a second?
What’s the matter, Carrie?
What’s going on?
They just came
and took Brody away.
Who did?
Quds Force operatives.
Javadi’s men.
Well? Would somebody please
tell me what the fuck
is happening here?
Fucking pussies,
all of you.
Who called Javadi?
Who ordered the helos
back to Herat?
I did.
On whose authority?
The president’s.
You’re out, Saul.
I’m the director now.
I didn’t have a choice.
Bullshit.
The choice was to stonewall
till Brody got out of Iran.
Even if I thought
that was a mistake?
He’s an asset.
We promised him
safe passage.
It’s a sentimental idea, Saul.
Always has been.
That we’re loyal to our people?
That our people come
before the mission.
Brody arrested is better for us
than Brody back in America.
And better for Javadi’s
chances to head the I.R.G.C.
Actually, it’s your legacy
we’re trying to protect, Saul.
My legacy?
Is that right?
Honestly, I don’t know
what the fuck we’re
doing here anymore.
[ Sighs ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
Where were you
going?
Not to the airport,
I’m guessing. No.
To the uncle’s house–
Masud Sherazi?
To hide out?
You found a sympathetic
ear there?
Don’t you dare
do anything to harm him.
No. You
misunderstand me.
Do I?
You have from
the very beginning.
I think you
of all people
would understand...
that no one
is just one thing.
Where’s Brody?
In Evin Prison.
[ Exhales ]
I need to see him.
You can’t.
No one can.
He appeared this morning
before a military tribunal...
where he was sentenced
to death by hanging.
What?
I’m afraid so.
Declared an enemy
of the state.
You’re insane if you think
that’s gonna happen.
You have to stop it.
It’s out of my hands,
Carrie.
A public execution
is scheduled for tonight.
Tonight?
Tomorrow, to be precise.
At 4:00 a.m.
Just before the call
to morning prayer.
Well, you find a fucking way!
Or what?
What will you do, Carrie?
Burn it all down?
Everything you worked for?
And I don’t mean what
the C.I.A. has worked for.
I mean you.
The plan is a success.
You and Brody
pulled it off.
Not if he dies.
More so if he dies.
I asked myself
over and over,
from the moment I knew
what you’ve gone through–
the hardship,
the self-abnegation–
to lure me in.
Why? Why would anyone
do that to themselves?
Why would you?
And I think I know now.
It was always about him.
That’s what
you care about.
Maybe the only thing.
Who Brody is–
that’s for Allah to know.
But what he did–
there can be no debate.
It was astonishing
and undeniable.
And what you wanted–
which was for everyone
to see in him
what you see–
that has happened.
Everyone sees him
through your eyes now.
Saul, Lockhart,
the president
of the United States.
Even me.
Take me to him.
I can’t.
Please.
[ Exhales ]
He’s at peace...
in his cell.
A kind of peace.
Let that be.
At least
let me talk to him.
A phone call– two minutes.
All I’m asking for...
is two minutes.
Hello?
I want you to know
I’m calling Saul
as soon as I hang up.
He’s gonna fix
this cluster fuck.
He’s gonna bring in every–
Carrie.
Carrie, it’s over.
No.
Yeah.
Not even the almighty Saul
can stop it now.
No, you don’t know that.
You’re wasting
your time.
Holding out false hope
isn’t helping anyone.
I want it to be over.
- Don’t say that.
- I’m okay.
I really am.
And I want you to do
something for me.
Anything.
Tonight, whatever happens,
I don’t want you to be there.
Brody–
I mean it.
Don’t put yourself
through that.
I have to be there.
I will be there.
- [ Cell Door Clatters ]
- [ Snapping Fingers ]
I have to say
good-bye now.
Brody? Brody.
Can-Can you ju–
Can you just stay here?
[ Sniffles ]
Just... for–
Just for a few more seconds.
[ Door Clatters ]
[ Ringing ]
Hello?
[ Carrie ]
Saul.
I know.
I just heard.
Is there anything
you can do?
Believe me,
I wish there was.
There must be something.
I don’t even
work here anymore.
Plus, the president’s
weighed in.
What about Amnesty International
or-or Human Rights Watch?
You know it’s way too late
for any of that.
Oh, God!
[ Gasps ]
I’m so sorry.
Oh, my God.
[ Crowd Chattering ]
Let’s go back.
No.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
[ Cell Door Clattering ]
[ Crowd Chattering ]
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Crowd Clamoring ]
[ Clamoring Continues ]
[ Clamoring Louder ]
[ Shouting, Roaring ]
[ Chanting In Farsi ]
[ Clamoring Continues ]
[ Crowd Chanting ]
[ Motor Starts ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Crowd Noise Fades ]
Brody! Brody!
Brody!
[ Baton Strikes Fence ]
[ Grunts ]
Four Months Later
[ Children Chattering,
Laughing ]
What did you bring me?
They were out of baguettes,
so I got croissants instead.
Mmm!
Did you see this?
I did.
What do you think?
I think we should
buy this place
and never leave.
"In a stunning development
at the Geneva summit,
Iranian diplomats have
offered I.A.E.A. inspectors...
full and unfettered access
to the regime’s nuclear sites...
in exchange for the lifting
of economic sanctions."
Saul.
This is you.
You did this.
Not just me.
It’s unbelievable.
It’s your whole life.
It’s your crowning achievement.
[ Laughing ]
Well, it cost me
my career.
Well, yeah, but it’s a hell
of a way to go out.
Come with me
to Washington.
I told you I’m gonna
go to New York.
I’m gonna set up
the apartment.
It’s only gonna be
for a couple days.
I’m not setting foot
in that building.
Neither should you
after the way
they treated you.
It’s the annual
commemorative ceremony.
We’ve got 132 new stars
to put up on that wall.
Did you make a plan
to see Carrie?
I called a couple times.
I left messages.
I never heard back.
Hmm. Strange.
She’s probably just busy.
You know how it is.
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Exhales ]
You can go right in.
He’s waiting for you.
Thank you.
Carrie.
Mr. Director.
Please, have a seat.
You look well.
If large.
I assume we lose you
to maternity leave soon.
I’ll probably need
a few hours off.
[ Chuckles ]
That is some news
coming out of Geneva.
It’s amazing.
Saul was right.
Javadi’s proven
immensely successful...
at influencing
Iranian policy
at the highest levels.
One thing about Saul–
he’s usually right.
I couldn’t
keep him on, Carrie.
I hope you understand why.
Maybe we can agree
to disagree on that.
That’s funny.
What?
"Agree to disagree."
That’s exactly how
he would’ve put it.
Back to Javadi though.
Have you done any thinking
about what we discussed
last week?
I have, and you’re right.
My being in Istanbul would
make running Javadi easier.
It’s arguably the premier
posting in the region.
And you’d be station chief–
the youngest in the history
of the Agency.
- Can I handpick my people?
- Up to a point.
I’d like you to keep
Tony Shadid on as deputy...
in order to smooth
the transition.
- I can live with that.
- Then you’re in?
- I’m in.
- Excellent.
Excellent.
[ Chuckles ]
We’ll discuss a timeline
over the next few weeks.
Great.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Um, sir?
Yes?
About the commemorative
ceremony on Friday.
What about it?
[ Exhales ]
I think Nicholas Brody
deserves a star.
He fulfills the criteria, sir.
Putting aside your personal
connection to him.
He was an Agency asset who died
while serving his country.
I’ll stop you there.
Heroically, in my opinion.
First of all,
he wasn’t technically
an employee of the C.I.A.
Well– Technically?
Come on.
Second of all,
his actions previous
to the Tehran mission...
cast a long shadow.
Sir, he was a U.S. marine
who was captured...
and tortured for eight years.
Who are we
to stand in judgment?
No one’s judging him.
I’m just not memorializing him
on the walls of this building.
That’s where
I draw the line.
Is this going to be
an ongoing problem
between us?
No, sir.
We’ll have to see.
I don’t know.
Hey, I gotta go.
Can I have
one of those?
No.
Just give me one.
I won’t light it.
[ Exhales ]
Something ailing you?
Lockhart.
What’d he do–
besides fuck over Saul?
He just gave me Istanbul–
station chief.
Holy crap.
I know.
That’s bad?
No.
This is bad.
It’s a little late
for second thoughts.
Yeah, no shit.
So what’s bad about it?
I just didn’t
think it through.
I wanted it
because of Brody,
to have a part of him.
I think they call that love.
It took getting this far
to the fucking end game
to realize it’s–
It’s impossible.
Why?
Quinn, I can’t
be a mother.
Because?
Because of me,
because of my job,
because of...
my problems.
Everyone has problems.
I’ll be a great
station chief.
I’ll be fearless, obsessed,
ruthless if I have to be.
All the same reasons I–
I can’t–
That kid is a gift.
You have one, right?
I fucked it up.
And it would be really sad
to see you do the same thing.
♪♪ [ Radio: Pop ]
Why do you even bother?
You order the same thing
every time.
I know I do,
but, in my heart,
I want to spread my wings
and soar.
Get a grip.
All hail.
Please.
It’s all anybody
in the building’s
talking about–
Iran opening its fist.
You know what
they’re calling you?
The maestro.
We got lucky. Very lucky.
Yeah. Meanwhile,
Senator Lockhart will be
dining out on our luck...
for the rest
of his natural-born life.
I’m only surprised
he didn’t shitcan you too.
Ah.
You have
all the qualifications–
experience, loyalty, discretion.
You’re better off
in the private sector,
no doubt about it.
Come join me.
I don’t think so.
You sure? One phone call–
triple your salary.
Nah, I’m a lifer.
Door’s always open
if you change your mind.
If I didn’t know any better,
I’d say you were
missing us already.
Yeah, you are. And you’d
come back, wouldn’t you,
if Lockhart came begging?
Never.
In a heartbeat.
[ Waitress ]
So what can I get you?
He’ll have a plain waffle.
Hold the whipped butter.
He’ll have the same.
Two Old Schools
coming up.
[ Gasps ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Maggie ]
Hey.
- Hey.
- [ Frank ]
Hello there.
- [ Maggie ] Carrie?
- Hi. I forgot
you were coming.
Oh. We got all of
Maggie’s old stuff,
including the world’s
heaviest crib.
Gosh, that’s a lot of...
things.
Yeah, it seems like it,
but you end up needing
all of it, so–
What’s this?
It’s a Björn.
It’s easy.
It is?
Yeah.
She sleeps right here,
against your chest.
It’s like
a reverse backpack.
Huh.
- You’ll get the hang of it.
- Do you have a rocking chair?
I was thinking I would
make a rocking chair.
- Make it?
- I need a project.
I’m antsy, you know,
waiting for this girl.
So, how was
the ultrasound?
It was good. Yeah.
Mmm.
She said the baby’s perfect.
Hey.
That should be
a good thing, right?
Um–
Maggie, I’m not
gonna need your stuff.
Why?
I’m moving... to Istanbul.
[ Stammers ]
You’re moving
to Istanbul? When?
Soon.
Right after she’s born.
Will she come with you
in the Björn?
I can’t keep her.
- That’s what I’m saying.
- Don-Don’t you say that.
It’s sick, I know, but–
I can’t.
Yes, you can.
Come on. You guys
know better than anyone
how bad it gets with me.
Carrie, I’ve been thinking
about this a lot.
I think she’s going
to ground you–
make you focus,
be healthy.
And I think you will
be astonished...
by the love
you have for her.
- There’s no sign of that.
- There will be.
No, really. I–
I don’t feel love.
All I feel...
is scared.
Two tours in Baghdad,
now a baby is bringing you
to your knees?
Yeah. Yeah.
Can we just take this
day by day?
You are not leaving this kid,
not like your mother did to you!
Dad!
You don’t want her?
I’ll take her.
What?
[ Exhales ]
- You would do that?
- Bet your life.
Okay, everybody,
slow down.
Can we please
just see how you feel
after the baby’s born?
Scared is how I feel.
I know.
And–
And sad.
I’m so fucking sad.
[ Lockhart ]
Matthew Rogers.
Amanda Salazar.
Anne Schofield.
Henry Stinson.
Katherine Sullivan.
Kenneth Unger.
Cynthia Volk.
And Vanessa Wendenberg.
No matter when
or where they served,
no matter if their names
are known to the world
or only to us,
each cherished colleague...
remains a constant source
of inspiration and courage.
They all heard
the same call to duty,
and they all answered it
without hesitation.
They are... our heroes.
They are America’s heroes.
And that’s how
we’ll remember them.
I ask for a moment
of silence.
Thank you.
That concludes
the ceremony.
The reception will be held
in the upstairs lobby.
Thank you so much.
[ Woman ]
Thank you, Mr. Director.
Beautiful job.
Good luck.
Thanks.
I’m gonna
sit here a while.
[ Lockhart ]
I’m so sorry
for your loss.
Hey, Tom.
- Hey.
He gives a nice speech.
He’s a politician.
How are you?
Okay.
I heard about Istanbul.
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
Word gets around.
It’s wonderful.
It’s what you always wanted.
You deserve it.
[ Scoffs ]
That’s just wrong.
That’s plain wrong.
How many times
you heard me say it?
When it’s over, it’s over.
Pull down the shades
and go home.
But you won, Saul.
You won.
Did I?
[ Chuckles ]
I guess I did.
Carrie?
There’s a situation.
The director’s asking for you
on Ops 4.
Saul.
Well, you’re needed.
Good luck in New York.
Take care.
Bye.
Good-bye.
Bob, thank you.
[ Chattering ]
[ Deep Breath ]
[ Device Beeps ]
[ Footsteps ]
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ People Chanting ]
Om.
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]